Add details on JSON (#941)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/json/json.md

<link rel="canonical" href="https://www.codecademy.com/article/what-is-json" />

**JavaScript Object Notation (JSON)** is a language-independent data format that is readable, writable, and parsable for both humans and machines. JSON is based on the syntax of the third edition of a [JavaScript](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript) standard known as ([ECMAScript](https://www.ecma-international.org/publications-and-standards/standards/ecma-262/)). Many programming languages, such as [Python](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python), have implemented [libraries](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/json-module) to parse and generate JSON-formatted data. JavaScript can parse JSON directly with the [`JSON` object](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/json).

> Although JSON was originally based on a subset of JavaScript syntax, JSON is language independent and does not require JavaScript. JSON uses some conventions from C-descendent languages, such as C, C++, JavaScript, and Java.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although JSON was originally based on a subset of JavaScript syntax, JSON is language independent and does not require JavaScript. JSON uses some conventions from C-descendent languages, such as [C](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/c), [C++](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/cpp), JavaScript, and [Java](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/java).
```

> Although JSON was originally based on a subset of JavaScript syntax, JSON is language independent and does not require JavaScript. JSON uses some conventions from C-descendent languages, such as [C](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/c), [C++](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/cpp), JavaScript, and [Java](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/java).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to JavaScript, JSON uses some conventions from the [C](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/c)-descendent languages, including C , [C++](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/cpp), and [Java](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/java).
```

I think the ideas from the first sentence is already covered in the previous paragraph.

> JSON is commonly used for transferring data between clients and servers for tasks such as web browsing or form submission. Some companies also use JSON to allow their data to be accessed in other applications via [API](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/api). Some examples include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
JSON is commonly used for transferring data between clients and [servers](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/server) for tasks such as web browsing or form submission. Some companies also use JSON to allow their data to be accessed in other applications via [API](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/api). Some examples include:
```

> 

Reviewer 2: On line # 50, can we link "Whitespace" to the following Docs entry?

https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/whitespace

Also, on this same line, can rewrite as this?

```
Whitespace (e.g., spaces, tabs, line feeds, and carriage returns) is ignored between names, values, and punctuation.
```

Reviewer 2: Then on line # 52, let's link "comments" out to the following Docs entry: https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/comment

Reviewer 2: Lastly for this file, on line # 81, let's link "XML" out to this Docs entry: https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/xml

> 

Reviewer 2: Could we add the following to the meta-`Tags` above?

- 'Properties'
- 'Values'
